Updated Matter to the 1.0.0 compatible version (#8958)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/matter_weather_station/README.rst

The device works as a Matter accessory device, meaning it can be paired and controlled remotely over a Matter network built on top of a low-power, 802.15.4 Thread network.
You can use this application as a reference for creating your own application.

> Matter weather station product certification
> ============================================
> 
> The Matter weather station application running on Thingy:53 participated in Matter Specification Validation Event (SVE) and successfully passed all required test cases to be considered as Matter 1.0 compliant device.
> 
> See `Matter weather station certification files`_ for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   The Matter weather station application running on Thingy:53 participated in Matter Specification Validation Event (SVE) and successfully passed all required test cases to be considered as Matter 1.0 compliant device.
   See `Matter weather station certification files`_ for more information.
```
I'd just mention it like this, without the specific section. Also, this header level is breaking the build.

.. _matter_weather_station_app_build_types:

Matter weather station product certification
============================================

> The Matter weather station application running on Thingy:53 participated in Matter Specification Validation Event (SVE) and successfully passed all required test cases to be considered as Matter 1.0 compliant device.

Reviewer: OK, so I would move this entire section to the introduction, line 15, maybe to a note, and then link to this section. Reason being that certification status is not part of the application, only certification files are, so it makes sense to separate information about the certification status and highlight it in the incipit.

```suggestion
The Matter weather station application running on Thingy:53 participated in Matter Specification Validation Event (SVE) and successfully passed all required test cases to be considered as Matter 1.0 compliant device.
See `Matter weather station certification files`_ for more information.
```

* ``debug`` - Debug version of the application. You can use this version to enable additional features for verifying the application behavior, such as logs or command-line shell.
* ``release`` - Release version of the application. You can use this version to enable only the necessary application functionalities to optimize its performance.

> * ``factory_data`` - Release version of the application that has factory data storage enabled. You can use this version to store factory data necessary for Matter certification like product information, keys and certificates in the device's non-volatile memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``factory_data`` - Release version of the application that has factory data storage enabled. You can use this version for storing factory data necessary for Matter certification (such as product information, keys, and certificates) in the device's non-volatile memory.
```

* ``debug`` - Debug version of the application. You can use this version to enable additional features for verifying the application behavior, such as logs or command-line shell.
* ``release`` - Release version of the application. You can use this version to enable only the necessary application functionalities to optimize its performance.

> * ``factory_data`` - Release version of the application that has factory data storage enabled. You can use this version for storing factory data necessary for Matter certification (such as product information, keys, and certificates) in the device's non-volatile memory.

Author: Ok, I added link to guide and rephrased the sentence.

> * ``factory_data`` - Release version of the application that has factory data storage enabled. You can use this version to enable reading factory data necessary for Matter certification (such as product information, keys, and certificates) from a separate partition in the device non-volatile memory. To learn more about factory data read :doc:`matter:nrfconnect_factory_data_configuration` page in the Matter documentation.

Reviewer: Add link to the enabling factory data section here?

Author: Ok, I rephrased this part and pre-pared factory data section, as I think my idea is not clear enough :) Using this type is just enough to enable factory data, but I added links to sections how to use ready factory data or generate new ones.

      File not found: ./ncs/nrf/applications/matter_weather_station/configuration/thingy53_nrf5340_cpuapp/prj_shell.conf

> Pre-prepared factory data support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling factory data support
```

Author: I would like to somehow highlight that this section shows how to flash example factory data provided by us. Enabling factory data support is also part of it, but user may not want to use our data, but generate own ones (Generating new factory data section).

Reviewer: Yes, but you are providing specific command about how to do something. That implies a specifically formatted header. There is barely any contextual info here, so usage of the header you suggest is not possible. Unless we provide more information about what pre-prepared factory data support is, but this is done earlier.

Author: Rephrased to Programming pre-prepared factory data and removed info about enabling factory data. More details sent on private channel.

> =================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=================================
---------------------------------
```
I'd nest this under Selecting a build type, because it is required to select the prj_factory_data.conf here.

You can enable the factory data storage support in the application by selecting the proper build type in the build command:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   west build -b thingy53_nrf5340_cpuapp -- -DCONF_FILE=prj_factory_data.conf

> After programming the application, you can program the pre-prepared :file:`certification/factory_data/factory_data.hex` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After programming the application, you can program the pre-prepared :file:`certification/factory_data/factory_data.hex` file with the following command:
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   nrfjprog --coprocessor CP_APPLICATION --program factory_data.hex --reset

> Generating new factory data
> ===========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating new factory data
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
```
And if you nest the higher section, move this one level lower.

   
Instead of using the pre-prepared factory data set, you can also generate new one during the target built, by invoking the following command:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   west build -b thingy53_nrf5340_cpuapp -- -DCONF_FILE=prj_factory_data.conf -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="../../certification/overlay-factory_data_build.conf"

> After building the target, the generated :file:`factory_data.hex` file will be merged with the application target `.hex` file, so you can use regular command to flash it to the device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After building the target, the generated :file:`factory_data.hex` file will be merged with the application target HEX file, so you can use the regular command to flash it to the device:
```
